Accept attributes design & remove spec note (#845)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/syntax.md

> {#button}Submit{/button} or {#img alt=|Cancel| /}.
> ```

> > A _message_ with options on the closing tags:

Reviewer: The opening tag has options too. Perhaps a bit more prose to show why we have this example?

```suggestion
> A _message_ containing _markup_ that uses _options_ to pair 
> two closing markup _placeholders_ to the one open markup _placeholder_:
```

Question: should this example include `u:id`?

## Attributes

An **_<dfn>attribute</dfn>_** is an _identifier_ with an optional value
that appears in an _expression_ or in _markup_.
During formatting, _attributes_ have no effect,
and they can be treated as code comments.

_Attributes_ are prefixed by a U+0040 COMMERCIAL AT `@` sign,
followed by an _identifier_.
An _attribute_ MAY have a _literal_ _value_ which is separated from the _identifier_

> by an U+003D EQUALS SIGN `=` along with optional whitespace.

Reviewer: You removed the possibility that an attribute can have a variable as its value. Why? I agree that passing a variable might not be that useful (given the restrictions we are placing on attributes). But a use case might be found in tooling that uses the resolved value of some variable to assign an attribute value. For example, it might be used to set a debug level:

```
You have {$foo :function @debug=$debugLevel}
```

Author: Variable values are removed because that's a part of the design we accepted: https://github.com/unicode-org/message-format-wg/blob/main/exploration/expression-attributes.md#attributes

Author: Ah. That comes from the first paragraph of the [Proposed Design](https://github.com/unicode-org/message-format-wg/blob/main/exploration/expression-attributes.md#proposed-design):
> Provide separate solutions for attributes that impact formatting, and those which do not, so that their namespaces are not comingled.

From that starting point, the `u:` options have runtime impact, while `@` attributes do not. Therefore, if it's not possible for `@` attributes to do anything during formatting, it does not make sense to allow them to have variable values, reading which could be externally observable and could generate errors. Especially as the use cases `@` attributes are serving are all non-runtime ones, which do not have access to variable values.

Multiple _attributes_ are permitted in an _expression_ or _markup_.
Each _attribute_ is separated by whitespace.
Each _attribute_'s _identifier_ MUST be unique within the _expression_ or _markup_:

> an _expression_ or _markup_ with duplicate _attribute_ _identifiers_ is not valid.

Reviewer: ... and results in a Data Model Error?

Author: This is using the same language we have for options: https://github.com/unicode-org/message-format-wg/blob/4514e880a8690ba2dd78a70696b4c89db93697ba/spec/syntax.md?plain=1#L580-L581

The Data Model Error for invalid content is already mentioned here: https://github.com/unicode-org/message-format-wg/blob/4514e880a8690ba2dd78a70696b4c89db93697ba/spec/syntax.md?plain=1#L90-L94

But we do indeed need to add a note to the above pointing here as well.

The order of _attributes_ is not significant.

```abnf

> attribute = "@" identifier [[s] "=" [s] literal]

Reviewer: See above
